add HashiCorp Integration page (#13960)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/hashicorp-integration.md

---
title: Hashicorp Vault Integration

> summary: Row or column-level access control and dynamic masking of data with Satori

Reviewer: Nit: Probably needs to mention Vault, not Satori?

Vault offers tooling to extend CockroachDB's data security capabilities. Vault is an identity-based secrets and encryption management service, which can either be self-hosted, or accessed as a software as a service (SaaS) product through HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP).

We officially support three integrations between Vault and CockroachDB:

- [Using Vault's Key Management Secrets (KMS) Engine to manage & distribute encryption keys to AWS or GCP KMS for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}'s customer-managed encryption key (CMEK) functionality.](#using-vaults-kms-secrets-engine-to-manage-a-cockroachdb-dedicated-clusters-customer-managed-encryption-key)
- [Using Vault's Transit Secrets Engine to generate the store key for encryption at rest for a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster.](#using-vaults-transit-secrets-engine-to-manage-a-cockroachdb-self-hosted-clusters-encryption-at-rest-store-key)
- [Using Vault's PKI Secrets Engine to manage the server and client certificates for a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster.](#using-vaults-pki-secrets-engine-to-manage-a-cockroachdb-self-hosted-clusters-server-and-client-certificates)

> In addition, because of CockroachDB's PostgreSQL compatibility, customers can also [use Vault's  PostgreSQL Database Secrets Engine to manage CockroachDB SQL user credentials]((#using-vaults-postgresql-database-secrets-engine-to-manage-cockroachdb-sql-users-and-their-credentials).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of CockroachDB's PostgreSQL compatibility, customers can also [use Vault's  PostgreSQL Database Secrets Engine to manage CockroachDB SQL user credentials]((#using-vaults-postgresql-database-secrets-engine-to-manage-cockroachdb-sql-users-and-their-credentials).
```

> ## Using Vault's KMS secrets engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster's customer-managed encryption key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use Vault's KMS secrets engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster's customer-managed encryption key
```

> {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} supports the use of customer managed encrypted keys (CMEK) for the encryption of data at rest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} supports the use of customer-managed encrypted keys (CMEK) for the encryption of data at rest.
```

[Vault's Key Management secrets engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/key-management.) allows customers to manage encryption keys on external key management services (KMS) such as those offered by Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS).

> CockroachDB customers can integrate the services, using Vault's KMS secrets engine to handle the full lifecycle of the encryption keys that {{ site.data.products.db }} uses to protect their data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CockroachDB customers can integrate these services, using Vault's KMS secrets engine to handle the full lifecycle of the encryption keys that {{ site.data.products.db }} uses to protect their data.
```

> ## Using Vault's Transit Secrets Engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster's encryption-at-rest store key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use Vault's Transit Secrets Engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster's encryption-at-rest store key
```

When deploying {{ site.data.products.enterprise }}, customers can provide their own externally managed encryption keys for use as the *store key* for CockroachDB's [enterprise Encryption-at-rest](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/security-reference/encryption.html#encryption-at-rest-enterprise).

Vault's [Transit Secrets Engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit) can be used to generate suitable encryption keys for use as your cluster's store key.

> ## Using Vault's PKI Secrets Engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster's server and client certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use Vault's PKI Secrets Engine to manage a {{ site.data.products.core }} cluster's server and client certificates
```

{{ site.data.products.core }} customers can use Vault's public key infrastructure (PKI) secrets engine to manage PKI certificates. Vault's PKI Secrets Engine greatly eases the security-critical work involved in securely maintaining a certificate authority (CA), generating, signing and distributing PKI certificates.

> Using Vault to manage certificates makes it possible to use only certificates with brief validity duration, which is an important component of PKI security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By using Vault to manage certificates you can only certificates with short validity durations, an important component of PKI security.
```

> ## Using Vault's PostgreSQL Database Secrets Engine to manage CockroachDB SQL users and their credentials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use Vault's PostgreSQL Database Secrets Engine to manage CockroachDB SQL users and their credentials
```
